docs(self-managed): add section for helm manifests manipulation (#6604)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.4/self-managed/platform-deployment/helm-kubernetes/guides/add-extra-manifests.md

For more information, see the Kubernetes [object documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/).

## Manipulate manifests

> In general, the Camunda Helm chart is highly customizable and can be deployed in different setups. However, in some cases, it's necessary to manipulate manifests (e.g., when a certain feature is not supported out of the box in the chart template).
> 
> For that case, [Helm Post Rendering](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/advanced/#post-rendering) allows you to manipulate, configure, and/or validate rendered manifests before they are installed by Helm. Post rendering is a good option to quickly add missing abilities in the chart; at the same time, you can raise a feature request for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Camunda Helm chart is highly flexible and can be adapted to different deployment scenarios. Still, there are cases where you need to adjust the rendered Kubernetes manifests directly - for example, when a feature isn’t yet supported in the chart templates.

For those situations, Helm Post Rendering provides a way to manipulate, configure, or validate manifests after they’ve been rendered but before Helm installs them. This is a convenient approach to add missing capabilities without waiting for a chart update, while also giving you the option to raise a feature request for long-term support.
```
